MEETING LOG

WHEN: Sunday, September 15th at 12:00 PM
PURPOSE: First team meeting; Write/edit the Project Plan
ATTENDANCE: Nifemi Lawal, Hannah Prosch, Emma Roy, Sneha Thomas, Daniel Van Dalsem

Microsoft Teams meeting
Nifemi created a GitHub Repo and sent invites to the rest of the team members to be collaborators: https://github.com/nifemi-l/EECS-348-Project
We collectively worked on the Project Plan document and wrote explanations for the prompts provided in blue text and green highlights. 
Set a recurring meeting time for Sunday at 12:00 PM. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WHEN: Sunday, September 22nd at 12:00 PM
PURPOSE: 2nd team meeting; finish up Project Plan and assign roles
ATTENDANCE:  Nifemi Lawal, Hannah Prosch, Emma Roy, Sneha Thomas, Daniel Van Dalsem, Jonathan Kazmaier

Microsoft Teams meeting
Nifemi: UI/UX developer
Hannah: Project Manager
Daniel: Change control manager
Sneha: Test lead
Emma: Documentation manager
Jonathan: Lead developer
Warren: QA manager


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEN: Sunday, October 6th at 12:00 PM
PURPOSE: 3rd team meeting; starting the Software Requirements Specification
ATTENDENCE: Nifemi Lawal, Hannah Prosch, Emma Roy, Daniel Van Dalsem, Jonathan Kazmaier

Microsoft Teams Meeting
We got started working on the Software Requirements Specification document, in particular outlining the functional and non-functional requirements and constraints needed to complete our project.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEN: Sunday, October 13th at 12:00 PM
PURPOSE: 4th team meeting; finish up the Software Requirements Specification Document
ATTENDENCE: Daniel Van Dalsem, Warren Tan, Hannah Prosch, Emma Roy, Jonathan Kazmaier, Nifemi Lawal, Sneha Thomas

Microsoft Teams Meeting
We completed the supplementary requirements, and added some info to other sections as well.  We ran into some formatting issues with the table of contents, but made it
look the best that we could while retaining the necessary information.  We completed the Software Requirements Specification Document, and I will turn it in to be graded.
It was the first meeting that all members were in attendance for, which is great!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEN: Sunday, October 27, 2024
PURPOSE: 5th team meeting; addressed grader's suggestions for Software Requirements Specification Document and began the Software Architecture Document
ATTENDENCE: Hannah Prosch, Daniel Van Dalsem, Emma Roy, Nifemi Lawal, Jonathan Kazmaier, Sneha Thomas

Microsoft Teams Meeting
We addressed the grader's suggestions for our Software Requirements Specification Document as a team, then it was uploaded to GitHub, and the grader was notified.  
Jonathan has created an arthimetic parser in the past in Python, and he shared the code with the team so we could better understand how programs like this work.
Then, the team started working on the Software Architecture Document, and assigned outselves sections to complete.  During our next meeting, we plan on going over
more about how the code for our project will work, and get the Software Architecture document closer to completion.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEN: Monday, November 4, 2024
PURPOSE: 6th team meeting; Presentation by Jonathan and Work on Software Architecture Document
ATTENDENCE: Daniel Van Dalsem, Hannah Prosch, Warren Tan, Jonathan Kazmaier, Emma Roy, Sneha Thomas, Nifemi Lawal

Microsoft Teams Meeting
To begin, Jonathan gave a presentation about the parser project he previously completed with Python.  He created a GitHub repository so we could look at the code,
and he talked through how each of the pieces work and how the program is structured.  Abstract Syntax Trees and enumeration played a major role in the program.
Team members asked questions to clarify how it works, and we will continue to work with the code to get a better understanding.  We did some work on the Software Architecture 
Document, but did not complete it.  Jonathan pointed out that it is asking for diagrams for how the program is structured, but we aren't sure how that would look with nodes,
as the examples we found online look more appropraite for programs with classes with set variables and functions.  Beccause this project will be recursive, we'll continue
to research if these diagrams are possible to create for this complex of a program.  Hannah will follow up later in the week, and ensure that this project is submitted 
prior to the due date.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEN: Sunday, November 10, 2024
PURPOSE: Determine next steps for the project; discuss roles and assignments
ATTENDENCE: Sneha Thomas, Daniel Van Dalsem, Hannah Prosch

Microsoft Teams Meeting
Today, we discussed the separate parts of the project so we can assign each member a portion of the coding.  Since our team has 7 people and our Software Architecture has 6 modlues/packages, 
we talked about either splitting up one of the more complex modules between 2 people, or having someone work on a more extensive error handling module.  We didn't feel comfortable making
any set decisions, as most of our members did not attend today's meeting.  Sneha offered to get some templates for each of the files uploaded to GitHub, and I reached out to the team to 
set a deadline on which modules they prefer to complete by Wednesday, November 13th, so they can be assigned and start coding before next Sunday's meeting.  The last two deliverables we
need to complete require our program to be functioning, so we will focus on the coding now.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEN: Sunday, November 17, 2024
PURPOSE: Coding Update
ATTENDENCE: Hannah Prosch, Daniel Van Dalsem, Sneha Thomas, Emma Roy, Nifemi Lawal, Jonathan Kazmaier

Microsoft Teams Meeting
On Wednesday, the sections of code were assigned as follows:
Interpreter - Emma
Lexer - Jonathan
Main - Daniel
Nodes - Sneha
Parser - Nifemi
Tokens - Warren
Error Handling - Hannah
During today's meeting, we updated one another on how things were progressing.  Jonathan, who completed a similar project in the past, pointed out that the first files that need to be
completed for the project are the Tokens and Nodes.  Sneha said she would get the nodes section completed soon, and Hannah said she would reach out to Warren again, as nobody had heard
from him since we made the code assignments, as Tokens needs to be finished so others can get started with their assignments.  We discussed a target date for the code to be completed, 
and settled on December 1st.  This should give us enough time to complete the test cases and users manual document, for everything to be completed by the due date of December 8th.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WHEN: Sunday, November 24, 2024
PURPOSE: Coding Update
ATTENDENCE: Daniel Van Dalsem, Nifemi Lawal, Hannah Prosch, Jonathan Kazmaier

Microsoft Teams Meeting
Emma and Sneha notified the team that they couldn't attend today's meeting.  We discussed header files, and ultimately made the decision to remove them (with an exception for the
error handling class header) to simplify the coding process.  Nifemi made a few edits to Warren's code in the Tokens file so that it would work with the Lexer file he created.  Nifemi
accidentally completed the Lexer file instead of the Parser file, so Jonathan will code the parser, but Nifemi and Hannah both offered to help him if needed.  We discussed the next files
to be created are the Parser and Main files, and the Interpreter will be last.  We are hoping to stay on track for a December 1st target completition date, to ensure we have enough time
to complete the last two documents.
